docs: add websocket rate limit example (#7581)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/limit-conn.md

    }
}'
```

> ## Limit the rate of WebSocket connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limit connections of WebSocket
```

Author: How about `Limit the number of concurrent WebSocket connections` ?

Apache APISIX supports WebSocket proxy, we can use `limit-conn` plugin to limit the number of concurrent WebSocket connections.

> 1. Create a Route and enable the WebSocket proxy and the `limit-conn` plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Route, enable the WebSocket proxy and the `limit-conn` plugin.
```

too much `and`

````shell
curl http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/routes/1 -H 'X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1' -X PUT -d '
{
    "uri": "/ws",
    "enable_websocket":true,
    "plugins": {
        "limit-conn": {
            "conn": 1,
            "burst": 0,
            "default_conn_delay": 0.1,
            "rejected_code": 503,
            "key_type": "var",
            "key": "remote_addr"
        }
    },
    "upstream": {
        "type": "roundrobin",
        "nodes": {
            "127.0.0.1:1980": 1
        }
    }
}'
````

The above route enables the WebSocket proxy on `/ws`, and limits the number of concurrent WebSocket connections to 1. More than 1 concurrent WebSocket connection will return `503` to reject the request.

> 2. Initiate a WebSocket request, and the link is established successfully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initiate a WebSocket request, and the connection is established successfully
```

    }
}'
```

> ## Limit the rate of WebSocket connections

Reviewer 3: I think you can simplify this step. We don't have to tell the user how to create a WebSocket Server.

> Apache APISIX supports WebSocket proxy, we can use limit-conn plugin to limit the number of concurrent WebSocket connections.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Apache APISIX supports WebSocket proxy, we can use `limit-conn` plugin to limit the number of concurrent WebSocket connections.
```

1. Start WebSocket Server

> ````

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
````shell
```

docker run -p 1980:8080 --name websocket-demo casperklein/websocket-demo
````

> 2. Register the route, enable the WebSocket proxy on the route and enable the limit-conn plugin

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Create a Route and enable the WebSocket proxy and the `limit-conn` plugin.
```

> ````

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
````shell
```

curl http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/routes/1 -H 'X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1' -X PUT -d '
{
    "uri": "/ws",
    "enable_websocket":true,
    "plugins": {
        "limit-conn": {
            "conn": 1,
            "burst": 0,
            "default_conn_delay": 0.1,
            "rejected_code": 503,
            "key_type": "var",
            "key": "remote_addr"
        }
    },
    "upstream": {
        "type": "roundrobin",
        "nodes": {
            "127.0.0.1:1980": 1
        }
    }
}'
````

The above route enables the WebSocket proxy on `/ws`, and limits the number of concurrent WebSocket connections to 1. More than 1 concurrent WebSocket connection will return 503 to reject the request.

3. Initiate a WebSocket request, and the link is established successfully

> ````

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
````shell
```

curl --include \
     --no-buffer \
     --header "Connection: Upgrade" \
     --header "Upgrade: websocket" \
     --header "Sec-WebSocket-Key: x3JJHMbDL1EzLkh9GBhXDw==" \
     --header "Sec-WebSocket-Version: 13" \
     --http1.1 \
     http://127.0.0.1:9080/ws

HTTP/1.1 101 Switching Protocols
Connection: upgrade
Upgrade: websocket
Sec-WebSocket-Accept: HSmrc0sMlYUkAGmm5OPpG2HaGWk=
Server: APISIX/2.15.0

> ````

Reviewer 3: **command** and **response** are represented by two code blocks.

4. Initiate the WebSocket request again in another terminal, the request will be rejected

````shell
HTTP/1.1 503 Service Temporarily Unavailable
Date: Mon, 01 Aug 2022 03:49:17 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 194
Connection: keep-alive
Server: APISIX/2.15.0

<html>
<head><title>503 Service Temporarily Unavailable</title></head>
<body>
<center><h1>503 Service Temporarily Unavailable</h1></center>
<hr><center>openresty</center>
</body>

> </html>

Reviewer 3: ditto
